all boys high is equally alive with
excitement like their neighbors there's
little else other than enter spoiler on
their minds all week to the outsider
school looks like business as usual but
don't be fooled everyone is on edge for
this all-important clash
the school was founded in 1868 in a you
know in an old warehouse just to the
south of us the focus of the schoolers
has always been not to favor one
particular activity but to produce a
certain individual at the end of five
years it was not only able to survive in
life but he was able to make a positive
difference in a very negative world and
in this regard we see all the sports
activities even the academics as tools
those tools will be key to the biggest
match of the school rugby careers of
these boys in discos it's I think very
special for the town of Pau
it's a major event it has been described
as the as the form of the school sports
event in the world one might think that
it divides the turn into two opposite
camps where I think we all realize it's
a special event and it unifies to
analyse them there's a by special
Italian tech and I think it is to a
squeal of at all you know they are a
band team acara crispy also lettuce etc
DCI carefully untied
Mike Thank You Belong Alex the
photolysis um so columnist multiplied on
this after they netted only the routine
a star but but Madariaga focus and that
were lucky for your success
I think I've turned seven in my first
year head father is primary and then you
know later on into poor boys are but you
know it's an amazing school and sport
focus but he did become a rounded person
and
the things that I really respect about
the school was a discipline it installed
in me either
achieved anything sport I wasn't I
didn't know what I was good in sport or
I wasn't you know and Bob was and fit
that in me you know and and luckily sir
because I was like that I went amazing
school lots of fond memories in the boys
our Jersey into schools for jump our
voice is huge it's such a big event and
such a big game you know I'm not sure
over the years if one can say we also
had cards of 25 to 50 thousand people
you know so that is in stature has
really grown I think what really was
always sort of to me anyway this was
really a part of but those events was
with the Bulldog one of the special
traditions before enter squalor is the
capping ceremony the night before the
match the school's a teams and most
importantly the first teams for rugby
and hockey are called onto the stage to
be kept by their proud and sometimes
emotional parents at the same time an
almost identical ceremony is happening
at peril
one of the stars of the boys hai team is
tough flank at Charlton Jonas who is
fresh from his match winning performance
against Boris Jonas is a special player
and will need to be these very best
against come to each other because just
now you represent in your school and
everyone sees this like 30,000 people
it's fine
this always a lot of pressure but my
thing is to absorb it and she still goes
flow and function again was I in
parameter squared is the person in this
movie that was reserved another food
scene a common game with mrs. bill this
may require through those primaries or
tightness the directors by mere myself
the leader food apparently felt the
throats and also spire aspired a person
like we realize both of us how important
this event is and also you know what the
advantages are fidelity versus schools
and you know that the one cannot exist
without the other way yeah only a
cagillion school can use formally under
school funny and that this all wooden
world of ice ukrainians is a suicune
spun office what boys funny Abdallah
darkest there's a table sit for like an
universe from Colleen matches between
the two schools are a fan unbearably
tight with one try or last minute
penalty separating the tree that being
said pedal firm has had some recent
dominance and boys I would like nothing
better than to set the record straight
come Saturday
my missus see the cars have be done it
five years or a hundred years of history
of a doesn't matter it's irrelevant on
the day what does matter is how you play
and how relaxed you are in the game and
how you execute what your plan is on the
day
if you execute your plan well and it
executes the plan better than opposition
you see the net you know and that's as
simple as it is even they either
favorite on the day I think so many
years you had down the dog take it on
the day so you really it's I think
everything is is what happens on the day
spills to a third game and it's work
hurt underscore that more we saw but
we've all a o P log boy dark me Alan I
either I thought come and his daughter
Phil that's all this Monica like you
lost yeah I was in the side when we lost
so I know what a disappointment it is
and I think it's hard time with boys I
when it in schools again and not only
for the school but for the whole
environment and the community around the
schools and you know a philosophy you
can pull it off each other that this was
ultimate the dual letters was telephone
self video was a boy arrived at the
school of in his homework as well that
this one's will accompany their often
offensive would betting matter what the
school and the school board is on on one
day in one match you know in one day
okay year but what matters is that you
come up in the controller say to
yourself I gave it my all
I gave it my best there was there was
not one second in the game you know that
I could have done something better I
could have done something more better
than something different this was it
this is I gave it power as soon as you
be done they you've won
for our heritage petition today we're in
the town watch panel come nauseum versus
paul boys hi mutual and federal premier
into schools rugby this Saturday live on
super sport
you